docs: USB add updated credentials info for curl (#1070)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/device/supported/device-usb-camera/walkthrough/deployment.md

                        "value":"<pick-a-secure-password>"
                    }
                ]
            }' -X POST http://localhost:59983/api/v3/secret
            ```
=== "Secure Mode"  
    1. Navigate to the `edgex-compose/compose-builder` directory.
    1. Generate a JWT token
        ```bash
        make get-token
        ```

>     1. Enter your chosen credentials in this command to set the secure secrets.

Reviewer: I'm thinking maybe something like this.
```suggestion
    1. Enter your chosen username and password, and the generated JWT into this command, and then execute it to set the secure secrets.
```
